{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red28\green80\blue242;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c13725\c41961\c96078;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Terminate every connection: 
\f1\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb2 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Technologies like firewalls use a \'93passthrough\'94 approach, inspecting files as they are delivered. If a malicious file is detected, alerts are often too late. An effective zero trust solution terminates every connection to allow an inline proxy architecture to inspect all the traffic, including encrypted traffic, in real time\'97before it reaches its destination\'97to prevent ransomware, malware, and more.\
\
Protect data using context-based policies: \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Zero trust policies verify access requests and rights based on context, including user identity, device, location, type of content, and the application being requested. Policies are adaptive, so the user access privileges are continually reassessed as context changes.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Reduce Risk by Eliminating the Attack surface: \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 With a zero trust approach, users connect directly to the apps and resources they need, never to networks (see ZTNA). Direct user-to-app and app-to-app connections eliminate the risk of lateral movement and prevent compromised devices from infecting other resources. Additionally, users and apps are invisible to the internet, so they can\'92t be discovered or attacked.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 
\fs76\fsmilli38400 \AppleTypeServices \cb2 \strokec3 Benefits of Zero Trust\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40\fsmilli20400 \cf0 \
\
\cb2 While no security strategy is perfect and data breaches will never be eliminated, zero trust is one of the most effective strategies in today\'92s era. Some of the benefits of zero trust are listed as follows:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'95\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cf4 \strokec4 \uc0\u8232 
\fs40\fsmilli20400 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Reduces the attack surface and risk of a data breach\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'95\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cf4 \strokec4 \uc0\u8232 
\fs40\fsmilli20400 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Provides granular access control over cloud and container environments\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'95\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cf4 \strokec4 \uc0\u8232 
\fs40\fsmilli20400 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Mitigates the impact and severity of successful attacks, reducing cleanup time and cost\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'95\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cf4 \strokec4 \uc0\u8232 
\fs40\fsmilli20400 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Supports compliance initiatives\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \

\fs40\fsmilli20400 \cf0 \cb4 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs76\fsmilli38400 \cf0 \cb2 Use Cases of Zero Trust\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40\fsmilli20400 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Zero trust architecture reduces risk by stopping all applications and services from communicating until they are authenticated in line with predefined trust principles. A zero trust strategy helps you understand how assets in your environment are communicating and, as baselines are established, enables you to eliminate overprovisioned software and services to further mitigate risk.\'a0\cb1 \

\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs43\fsmilli21600 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Zero trust security policies are applied based on workload identity, unaffected by IP addresses, ports, and protocols. Protection is tied directly to the workloads themselves and remains constant even as the environment changes, significantly easing the access management, visibility, and general workload security challenges associated with cloud services providers and containers.\'a0\cb1 \

\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs43\fsmilli21600 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Zero trust architecture inspects every request, authenticates every user and device, and assesses all permissions before granting access, and then continually reassesses trust as context changes. Additionally, zero trust models create one-to-one secure connections, with no means of lateral movement. Thus, even if an attacker gains entry to your environment, they can\'92t access or steal data if they can\'92t establish trust.\'a0\cb1 \

\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs43\fsmilli21600 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Zero trust renders all user and workload connections invisible from the open internet, simplifying compliance with PCI DSS, NIST 800-207, and more while supporting smoother audits. Zero trust\'a0
\f3\b microsegmentation
\f1\b0 \'a0enables you to create perimeters around certain types of sensitive data using fine-grained controls to separate regulated and non-regulated data. During audits, or in the event of a data breach, microsegmentation provides superior visibility and control compared to flat network architectures.\cb1 \
\

\f0\fs34 \cb2 \

\f1 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40\fsmilli20400 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Now that you have learn about Zero Trust Security Model. Continue to the next lesson to learn about Zscaler Zero Trust Exchange.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs76\fsmilli38400 \AppleTypeServices \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Why Should You Choose Zscaler as Your Zero Trust Solution?\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40\fsmilli20400 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Zscaler is the only cybersecurity vendor that offers a zero trust platform born in the cloud and designed for cloud organizations. Zscaler is consistently nominated as a leader in the industry\'92s most prestigious analyst reports and rankings, and Zscaler has the backing of innovative partners and customers to prove it.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs34 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 All of this is made possible by the flagship platform known as the\'a0
\f3\b Zscaler Zero Trust Exchange
\f1\b0 . Let's learn about it in more detail.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs76\fsmilli38400 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Zscaler Zero Trust Exchange\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40\fsmilli20400 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The\'a0
\f3\b \cb2 \strokec3 Zscaler Zero Trust Exchange
\f1\b0 \cb2 \strokec3 \'a0is a cloud native platform built on zero trust. Based on the principle of least privilege, it establishes trust through context, such as a user\'92s location, their device\'92s security posture, the content being exchanged, and the application being requested. Once trust is established, your employees get fast, reliable connections\'97wherever they are\'97without ever being placed directly on your network.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs34 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The Zero Trust Exchange operates across 150 data centers worldwide, ensuring that the service is close to your users, collocated with the cloud providers and applications they are accessing. It guarantees the shortest path between your users and their destinations, providing comprehensive security and an amazing user experience.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs76\fsmilli38400 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 5 Key Attributes of the Zscaler Zero Trust Exchange\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40\fsmilli20400 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa816\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 The Zscaler Zero Trust Exchange is built around five core attributes designed to tackle today\'92s most challenging security, connectivity, and productivity challenges.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The Zscaler Zero Trust Exchange eliminates your organization\'92s attack surface. With legacy security approaches, firewalls expose your applications to the internet, enabling unwanted users and bad actors to discover them. Instead, the Zscaler Zero Trust Exchange makes apps invisible to everyone but those specifically authorized to use them.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \AppleTypeServices \uc0\u8232 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Unlike traditional network access models, the Zscaler Zero Trust Exchange connects users directly to apps, not to your network, providing a fast experience. Cloud applications are designed to be accessed directly, and direct connections eliminate the need to backhaul traffic through centralized security controls that add latency.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		
\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb2 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Legacy security solutions can't keep up with the demands of inspecting TLS/SSL-encrypted traffic, which is most of all traffic. Unlike a next-gen firewall, a proxy architecture is designed for full content inspection, including encrypted traffic at scale, for effective cyberthreat protection and data loss prevention.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Gartner defines Secure Access Service Edge (SASE) as a model for supporting digital enterprises' changing secure access needs. Essentially, SASE is the framework for securely connecting users and machines to apps and services when their locations may be anywhere. With the SASE-based Zero Trust Exchange, policy is enforced at the edge and distributed across data centers globally to deliver a fast, productive experience for users everywhere.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Leading enterprise SaaS companies build multitenant clouds to deliver the performance and scalability required for digital transformation initiatives to succeed. Virtual machines (VMs) in a public cloud have the same limitations as hardware in the gateway, though. To meet the exponentially growing needs of our interconnected world, the Zscaler Zero Trust Exchange is built on a multitenant cloud.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \AppleTypeServices \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs32 \cb2 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qc\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \AppleTypeServices \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs32 \cb2 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qc\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
}